GF1 Final Report Plan

NB:	10 page limit, concise appendix, showcase benefits of final model,
	what we learned, challenges

Week 3

 1	Controllers for X2 and P2
 2	Robustness to process changes
 3	Integrator wind-up

Week 4

 1	Introduction
	1.	Evaluate whether the controllers you have designed over the 
		previous 3 weeks perform sufficiently well at a number 
		of operating points — see section 3 for background and an
 		explanation of this.

	2.	If your conclusion to task 1 is negative, investigate how much 
		improvement you can obtain by using a gain-scheduled controller design.

	3.	Design a multivariable controller using state-feedback — see 
		section 4 for an explanation of this.
 
 	4.	Combine the results of the investigations above — either present a 
		constant-gain statefeedback design, or a gain-scheduled state-feedback 
		design if necessary, which works sufficiently well over the range of operating points.
 
	5.	Justify your final recommendation for a control system design for the 
		evaporator, and	demonstrate your design.

 2	Planning and Execution

 3	Change of Operating Point

 4	State Feedback
	4.1 Basic state feedback
	4.2 Integral action
	4.3 Optimal Control
	4.4 State feedback and gain scheduling

 5	Demonstration
	demonstrate its design => section 6

 6	Final Report
	Your final report should cover the whole project, not just the final week. Your interim reports
	should be attached as appendices, and material in them need not be repeated; you should refer
	to them as appropriate.
	The report should not be a blow-by-blow account of what you did. Imagine it is a report to
	a plant manager, recommending a control system to be installed on the process. You need to
	show that you have examined some alternatives, how they compare, and why (s)he should have
	confidence in your recommendations. 

	Assume that your reader is hard-nosed: you will want to show off how clever you have been,
	but (s)he will want to know whether your control scheme	will really work if implemented on
	the real process.
	
	Final Model Tests:
	Will it work when the process parameters change? Robustness to process changes, changes to L2/P2 set points where X2 can stay at 25

	Does it keep the process safely away from its constraints? 

	Does it keep the product composition close to its set-point when typical disturbances come along?

	Will it do a good job when the operating point changes?

	These are some of the questions you might address.

	The part of your report covering the last week’s group activity should be your own work. It is
	permissible to have the same graphs, tables, etc as the other reports in your group, and you can
	cross-refer to each other’s reports, for example when referring to work done by other members
	of the group. It is also permissible to have a common ‘executive summary’ of a paragraph or
	so, summarising your overall conclusions and recommendations.